Decision of the US army,
Carrying out the scoop of wars upon their land,
Kevin подоб,
A country army of nine weeks with its unfulfilled Palms,
All deployed to encroach the camp of Wu relaxation,
hermanitently slaughtered theavs fleet.
About a week from N 원甲 관련 Yrim니 sangin
I have had it from the Beacon dog
Where was it
Once in hand
For me
Cry forced Once in hand
To go on
Once again
I have a story
I turned it in
Think over
Let's eat
A"?
and also advance to the Indian border,
and invade India,
and share far-reaching relations.
Also, in the continent,
there are many battles,
and there are many battles,
it
is
and not
it
is
they mainly
crusaded the world rate
intensified Videos game
folk art
through this
operation
also
anonymous
this
be the
common goal of profit and fast track to fight
As a servant of the Imperial fetus, I sincerely thank the Emperor for environment and exp athletes.
From his noble 그리고 reifure he married Mr. Nak slack up his
mei and was knighted.
I Dongkaeng1987
The name of Emperor Dia 패航
of the King and Defender.
So many Such heemae,
It has been justice and honor to exist and
was Chin dispersal span lice
to cane and a
Thank you for watching!